Creative Commons Legal Code

CC0 1.0 Universal

    CREATIVE COMMONS CORPORATION IS NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE
    LEGAL SERVICES. DISTRIBUTION OF THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CREATE AN
    ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP. CREATIVE COMMONS PROVIDES THIS
    INFORMATION ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. CREATIVE COMMONS MAKES NO WARRANTIES
    REGARDING THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS
    PROVIDED HEREUNDER, AND DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM
    THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS PROVIDED
    HEREUNDER.

Statement of Purpose

The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer
exclusive Copyright and Related Rights (defined below) upon the creator and
subsequent owner(s) (each and all, an "owner") of an original work of authorship
and/or a database (each, a "Work").

Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights to a Work for the
purpose of contributing to a commons of creative, cultural and scientific works
("Commons") that the public can reliably and without fear of later claims of
infringement build upon, modify, incorporate in other works, reuse and
redistribute as freely as possible in any form whatsoever and for any purposes,
including without limitation commercial purposes. These owners may contribute to
the Commons to promote the ideal of a free culture and the further production of
creative, cultural and scientific works, or to gain reputation or greater
distribution for their Work in part through the use and efforts of others.

For these and/or other purposes and motivations, and without any expectation of
additional consideration or compensation, the person associating CC0 with a Work
(the "Affirmer"), to the extent that he or she is an owner of Copyright and
Related Rights in the Work, voluntarily elects to apply CC0 to the Work and
publicly distribute the Work under its terms, with knowledge of his or her
Copyright and Related Rights in the Work and the meaning and intended legal
effect of CC0 on those rights.

1. Copyright and Related Rights. A Work made available under CC0 may be
   protected by copyright and related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and
   Related Rights"). Copyright and Related Rights include, but are not limited
   to, the following:

i. the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform, display, communicate, and
translate a Work; ii. moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or
performer(s); iii. publicity and privacy rights pertaining to a person's image
or likeness depicted in a Work; iv. rights protecting against unfair competition
in regards to a Work, subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a), below; v.
rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data in a
Work; vi. database rights (such as those arising under Directive 96/9/EC of the
European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection
of databases, and under any national implementation thereof, including any
amended or successor version of such directive); and vii. other similar,
equivalent or corresponding rights throughout the world based on applicable law
or treaty, and any national implementations thereof.

2. Waiver. To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention of,
   applicable law, Affirmer hereby overtly, fully, permanently, irrevocably and
   unconditionally waives, abandons, and surrenders all of Affirmer's Copyright
   and Related Rights and associated claims and causes of action, whether now
   known or unknown (including existing as well as future claims and causes of
   action), in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum
   duration provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time
   extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number of
   copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation
   commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the "Waiver"). Affirmer
   makes the Waiver for the benefit of each member of the public at large and to
   the detriment of Affirmer's heirs and successors, fully intending that such
   Waiver shall not be subject to revocation, rescission, cancellation,
   termination, or any other legal or equitable action to disrupt the quiet
   enjoyment of the Work by the public as contemplated by Affirmer's express .

3. Public License Fallback. Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be
   judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver
   shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into account
   Affirmer's express . In addition, to the extent the Waiver is so judged
   Affirmer hereby grants to each affected person a royalty-free, non
   transferable, non sublicensable, non exclusive, irrevocable and unconditional
   license to exercise Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work (i)
   in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by
   applicable law or treaty (including future time extensions), (iii) in any
   current or future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any
   purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial, advertising or
   promotional purposes (the "License"). The License shall be deemed effective
   as of the date CC0 was applied by Affirmer to the Work. Should any part of
   the License for any reason be judged legally invalid or ineffective under
   applicable law, such partial invalidity or ineffectiveness shall not
   invalidate the remainder of the License, and in such case Affirmer hereby
   affirms that he or she will not (i) exercise any of his or her remaining
   Copyright and Related Rights in the Work or (ii) assert any associated claims
   and causes of action with respect to the Work, in either case contrary to
   Affirmer's express .

4. Limitations and Disclaimers.

a. No trademark or patent rights held by Affirmer are waived, abandoned,
surrendered, licensed or otherwise affected by this document. b. Affirmer offers
the Work as-is and makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning
the Work, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including without limitation
warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non
infringement, or the absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or the
present or absence of errors, whether or not discoverable, all to the greatest
extent permissible under applicable law. c. Affirmer disclaims responsibility
for clearing rights of other persons that may apply to the Work or any use
thereof, including without limitation any person's Copyright and Related Rights
in the Work. Further, Affirmer disclaims responsibility for obtaining any
necessary consents, permissions or other rights required for any use of the
Work. d. Affirmer understands and acknowledges that Creative Commons is not a
party to this document and has no duty or obligation with respect to this CC0 or
use of the Work.

---

Note: The above license applies only to the modifications made by PlayForm to
the original work. The original work is licensed under the following licenses
and is subject to their terms and conditions:

Statement of Purpose.

3. Public License Fallback. Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be
   judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver
   shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into account
   Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose. In addition, to the extent the
   Waiver is so judged Affirmer hereby grants to each affected person a
   royalty-free, non transferable, non sublicensable, non exclusive, irrevocable
   and unconditional license to exercise Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights
   in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration
   provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time extensions),
   (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv)
   for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial,
   advertising or promotional purposes (the "License"). The License shall be
   deemed effective as of the date CC0 was applied by Affirmer to the Work.
   Should any part of the License for any reason be judged legally invalid or
   ineffective under applicable law, such partial invalidity or ineffectiveness
   shall not invalidate the remainder of the License, and in such case Affirmer
   hereby affirms that he or she will not (i) exercise any of his or her
   remaining Copyright and Related Rights in the Work or (ii) assert any
   associated claims and causes of action with respect to the Work, in either
   case contrary to Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose.

4. Limitations and Disclaimers.

a. No trademark or patent rights held by Affirmer are waived, abandoned,
surrendered, licensed or otherwise affected by this document. b. Affirmer offers
the Work as-is and makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning
the Work, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including without limitation
warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non
infringement, or the absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or the
present or absence of errors, whether or not discoverable, all to the greatest
extent permissible under applicable law. c. Affirmer disclaims responsibility
for clearing rights of other persons that may apply to the Work or any use
thereof, including without limitation any person's Copyright and Related Rights
in the Work. Further, Affirmer disclaims responsibility for obtaining any
necessary consents, permissions or other rights required for any use of the
Work. d. Affirmer understands and acknowledges that Creative Commons is not a
party to this document and has no duty or obligation with respect to this CC0 or
use of the Work. MICROSOFT PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS MICROSOFT VISUAL
STUDIO CODE REMOTE DEVELOPMENT EXTENSIONS

These license terms are an agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or
based on where you live, one of its affiliates). They apply to the pre-release
software named above. The terms also apply to any Microsoft services or updates
for the software, except to the extent those have additional terms.

IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE RIGHTS BELOW.

1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS. a. General. You may use a copy of the software
   with each validly licensed copy of Microsoft Visual Studio Code. You may not
   use the software if you do not have a license for Microsoft Visual Studio
   Code. You may copy and install files from the software onto your application
   development devices, including physical devices and virtual machines or
   containers on those machines, which are (i) owned by you and located
   on-premises or hosted on your own private cloud or data center, or (ii)
   remote devices, virtual machines, or containers which are dedicated solely to
   your use and hosted for you on Microsoft Azure or by other cloud hosting
   providers (collectively, “Development Devices”). You and others in your
   organization may use these files on your Development Devices solely to
   develop and test applications. For clarity, “applications” means applications
   developed by you and others in your organization who are each licensed to use
   Microsoft Visual Studio Code. b. Demo Use. The uses permitted above include
   use of the software in demonstrating your applications. c. Third Party
   Components. The software may include third party components with separate
   legal notices or governed by other agreements, as may be described in the
   ThirdPartyNotices file(s) accompanying the software. d. Extensions. The
   software gives you the option to download other Microsoft and third party
   software packages from our extension marketplace or package managers. Those
   packages are under their own licenses, and not this agreement. Microsoft does
   not distribute, license or provide any warranties for any of the third party
   packages. By accessing or using our extension marketplace, you agree to the
   extension marketplace terms located at https://aka.ms/vsmarketplace-ToU.

2. PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE. The software is a pre-release version. It may not work
   the way a final version of the software will. Microsoft may change it for the
   final, commercial version. We also may not release a commercial version.
   Microsoft is not obligated to provide maintenance, technical support or
   updates to you for the software.

3. ONLINE SERVICES IN THE SOFTWARE. Some features of the software make use of
   online services to provide you with updates to the software or extensions, to
   download or install additional software to enable use of this software, or to
   enable you to retrieve content, collaborate with others, or otherwise
   supplement your development. As used throughout this agreement, the term
   “software” includes these online service features.

4. DATA. a. Data Collection. The software may collect information about you and
   your use of the software, and send that to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this
   information to provide services and improve our products and services. You
   may opt-out of many of these scenarios, but not all, as described in the
   product documentation located at
   https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/supporting/faq#_how-to-disable-telemetry-reporting.
   There may also be some features in the software that may enable you and
   Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these
   features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing
   appropriate notices to users of your applications together with Microsoft’s
   privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at
   https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704. You can learn more about data
   collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your
   use of the software operates as your consent to these practices. b.
   Processing of Personal Data. To the extent Microsoft is a processor or
   subprocessor of personal data in connection with the software, Microsoft
   makes the commitments in the European Union General Data Protection
   Regulation Terms of the Online Services Terms to all customers effective May
   25, 2018, at https://go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9840733.

5. UPDATES. The software may periodically check for updates and download and
   install them for you. You may obtain updates only from Microsoft or
   authorized sources. Microsoft may need to update your system to provide you
   with updates. You agree to receive these automatic updates without any
   additional notice. Updates may not include or support all existing software
   features, services, or peripheral devices.

6. FEEDBACK. If you give feedback about the software to Microsoft, you give to
   Microsoft, without charge, the right to use, share and commercialize your
   feedback in any way and for any purpose. You will not give feedback that is
   subject to a license that requires Microsoft to license its software or
   documentation to third parties because we include your feedback in them.
   These rights survive this agreement.

7. SCOPE OF LICENSE. The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only
   gives you some rights to use the software. Microsoft reserves all other
   rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation,
   you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In
   doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that
   only allow you to use it in certain ways. For example, if Microsoft
   technically limits or disables extensibility for the software, you may not
   extend the software by, among other things, loading or injecting into the
   software any non-Microsoft add-ins, macros, or packages; modifying the
   software registry settings; or adding features or functionality equivalent to
   that found in other Visual Studio products. You may not:

    - work around any technical limitations in the software;
    - reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, or otherwise
      attempt to derive the source code for the software, except and to the
      extent required by third party licensing terms governing use of certain
      open source components that may be included with the software;
    - remove, minimize, block or modify any notices of Microsoft or its
      suppliers in the software;
    - use the software in any way that is against the law;
    - host, share, publish, rent or lease the software; or
    - provide the software as a stand-alone or integrated offering or combine it
      with any of your applications for others to use.

8. SUPPORT SERVICES. Because the software is “as is,” we may not provide support
   services for it.

9. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates,
   Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire
   agreement for the software and support services.

10. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You must comply with all domestic and international
    export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include
    restrictions on destinations, end users and end use. For further information
    on export restrictions, visit (aka.ms/exporting).

11. APPLICABLE LAW. If you acquired the software in the United States,
    Washington State law applies to interpretation of and claims for breach of
    this agreement, and the laws of the state where you live apply to all other
    claims. If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply.

12. CONSUMER RIGHTS; REGIONAL VARIATIONS. This agreement describes certain legal
    rights. You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws
    of your state or country. Separate and apart from your relationship with
    Microsoft, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you
    acquired the software. This agreement does not change those other rights if
    the laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so. For example, if
    you acquired the software in one of the below regions, or mandatory country
    law applies, then the following provisions apply to you: a. Australia. You
    have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in
    this agreement is intended to affect those rights. b. Canada. If you
    acquired the software in Canada, you may stop receiving updates by turning
    off the automatic update feature, disconnecting your device from the
    Internet (if and when you re-connect to the Internet, however, the software
    will resume checking for and installing updates), or uninstalling the
    software. The product documentation, if any, may also specify how to turn
    off updates for your specific device or software. c. Germany and Austria.
    (i) Warranty. The properly licensed software will perform substantially as
    described in any Microsoft materials that accompany the software. However,
    Microsoft gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the licensed
    software. (ii) Limitation of Liability. In case of intentional conduct,
    gross negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as, in
    case of death or personal or physical injury, Microsoft is liable according
    to the statutory law. Subject to the foregoing clause (ii), Microsoft will
    only be liable for slight negligence if Microsoft is in breach of such
    material contractual obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the
    due performance of this agreement, the breach of which would endanger the
    purpose of this agreement and the compliance with which a party may
    constantly trust in (so-called "cardinal obligations"). In other cases of
    slight negligence, Microsoft will not be liable for slight negligence.

13. LEGAL EFFECT. This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have
    other rights under the laws of your country. You may also have rights with
    respect to the party from whom you acquired the software. This agreement
    does not change your rights under the laws of your country if the laws of
    your country do not permit it to do so.

14. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED “AS-IS.” YOU BEAR THE RISK
    OF USING IT. MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR
    CONDITIONS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, MICROSOFT
    EXCLUDES THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
    PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

15. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND
    ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $5.00. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY
    OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
    INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.

    This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the software, services,
    content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party
    programs; and (b) claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty,
    guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the
    extent permitted by applicable law.

    It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the
    possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply
    to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of
    incidental, consequential or other damages.

Please note: As the software is distributed in Quebec, Canada, some of the
clauses in this agreement are provided below in French.

Remarque : Ce logiciel étant distribué au Québec, Canada, certaines des clauses
dans ce contrat sont fournies ci-dessous en français.

EXONÉRATION DE GARANTIE. Le logiciel visé par une licence est offert « tel quel
». Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est à votre seule risque et péril. Microsoft
n’accorde aucune autre garantie expresse. Vous pouvez bénéficier de droits
additionnels en vertu du droit local sur la protection des consommateurs, que ce
contrat ne peut modifier. La ou elles sont permises par le droit locale, les
garanties implicites de qualité marchande, d’adéquation à un usage particulier
et d’absence de contrefaçon sont exclues.

LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INTÉRÊTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILITÉ POUR LES
DOMMAGES. Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs une
indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement à hauteur de 5,00 $ US. Vous
ne pouvez prétendre à aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris
les dommages spéciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de bénéfices.

Cette limitation concerne :

-   tout ce qui est relié au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris le
    code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers ;
    et
-   les réclamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie, ou au
    titre de responsabilité stricte, de négligence ou d’une autre faute dans la
    limite autorisée par la loi en vigueur. Elle s’applique également, même si
    Microsoft connaissait ou devrait connaître l’éventualité d’un tel dommage.
    Si votre pays n’autorise pas l’exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilité
    pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de quelque nature que ce soit,
    il se peut que la limitation ou l’exclusion ci-dessus ne s’appliquera pas à
    votre égard.

EFFET JURIDIQUE. Le présent contrat décrit certains droits juridiques. Vous
pourriez avoir d’autres droits prévus par les lois de votre pays. Le présent
contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous confèrent les lois de votre pays si
celles-ci ne le permettent pas.Attribution 4.0 International

=======================================================================

Creative Commons Corporation ("Creative Commons") is not a law firm and does not
provide legal services or legal advice. Distribution of Creative Commons public
licenses does not create a lawyer-client or other relationship. Creative Commons
makes its licenses and related information available on an "as-is" basis.
Creative Commons gives no warranties regarding its licenses, any material
licensed under their terms and conditions, or any related information. Creative
Commons disclaims all liability for damages resulting from their use to the
fullest extent possible.

Using Creative Commons Public Licenses

Creative Commons public licenses provide a standard set of terms and conditions
that creators and other rights holders may use to share original works of
authorship and other material subject to copyright and certain other rights
specified in the public license below. The following considerations are for
informational purposes only, are not exhaustive, and do not form part of our
licenses.

     Considerations for licensors: Our public licenses are
     intended for use by those authorized to give the public
     permission to use material in ways otherwise restricted by
     copyright and certain other rights. Our licenses are
     irrevocable. Licensors should read and understand the terms
     and conditions of the license they choose before applying it.
     Licensors should also secure all rights necessary before
     applying our licenses so that the public can reuse the
     material as expected. Licensors should clearly mark any
     material not subject to the license. This includes other CC-
     licensed material, or material used under an exception or
     limitation to copyright. More considerations for licensors:
    wiki.creativecommons.org/Considerations_for_licensors

     Considerations for the public: By using one of our public
     licenses, a licensor grants the public permission to use the
     licensed material under specified terms and conditions. If
     the licensor's permission is not necessary for any reason--for
     example, because of any applicable exception or limitation to
     copyright--then that use is not regulated by the license. Our
     licenses grant only permissions under copyright and certain
     other rights that a licensor has authority to grant. Use of
     the licensed material may still be restricted for other
     reasons, including because others have copyright or other
     rights in the material. A licensor may make special requests,
     such as asking that all changes be marked or described.
     Although not required by our licenses, you are encouraged to
     respect those requests where reasonable. More_considerations
     for the public:
    wiki.creativecommons.org/Considerations_for_licensees

=======================================================================

Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Public License

By exercising the Licensed Rights (defined below), You accept and agree to be
bound by the terms and conditions of this Creative Commons Attribution 4.0
International Public License ("Public License"). To the extent this Public
License may be interpreted as a contract, You are granted the Licensed Rights in
consideration of Your acceptance of these terms and conditions, and the Licensor
grants You such rights in consideration of benefits the Licensor receives from
making the Licensed Material available under these terms and conditions.

Section 1 -- Definitions.

a. Adapted Material means material subject to Copyright and Similar Rights that
is derived from or based upon the Licensed Material and in which the Licensed
Material is translated, altered, arranged, transformed, or otherwise modified in
a manner requiring permission under the Copyright and Similar Rights held by the
Licensor. For purposes of this Public License, where the Licensed Material is a
musical work, performance, or sound recording, Adapted Material is always
produced where the Licensed Material is synched in timed relation with a moving
image.

b. Adapter's License means the license You apply to Your Copyright and Similar
Rights in Your contributions to Adapted Material in accordance with the terms
and conditions of this Public License.

c. Copyright and Similar Rights means copyright and/or similar rights closely
related to copyright including, without limitation, performance, broadcast,
sound recording, and Sui Generis Database Rights, without regard to how the
rights are labeled or categorized. For purposes of this Public License, the
rights specified in Section 2(b)(1)-(2) are not Copyright and Similar Rights.

d. Effective Technological Measures means those measures that, in the absence of
proper authority, may not be circumvented under laws fulfilling obligations
under Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty adopted on December 20, 1996,
and/or similar international agreements.

e. Exceptions and Limitations means fair use, fair dealing, and/or any other
exception or limitation to Copyright and Similar Rights that applies to Your use
of the Licensed Material.

f. Licensed Material means the artistic or literary work, database, or other
material to which the Licensor applied this Public License.

g. Licensed Rights means the rights granted to You subject to the terms and
conditions of this Public License, which are limited to all Copyright and
Similar Rights that apply to Your use of the Licensed Material and that the
Licensor has authority to license.

h. Licensor means the individual(s) or entity(ies) granting rights under this
Public License.

i. Share means to provide material to the public by any means or process that
requires permission under the Licensed Rights, such as reproduction, public
display, public performance, distribution, dissemination, communication, or
importation, and to make material available to the public including in ways that
members of the public may access the material from a place and at a time
individually chosen by them.

j. Sui Generis Database Rights means rights other than copyright resulting from
Directive 96/9/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996
on the legal protection of databases, as amended and/or succeeded, as well as
other essentially equivalent rights anywhere in the world.

k. You means the individual or entity exercising the Licensed Rights under this
Public License. Your has a corresponding meaning.

Section 2 -- Scope.

a. License grant.

       1. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Public License,
          the Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free,
          non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, irrevocable license to
          exercise the Licensed Rights in the Licensed Material to:

            a. reproduce and Share the Licensed Material, in whole or
               in part; and

            b. produce, reproduce, and Share Adapted Material.

       2. Exceptions and Limitations. For the avoidance of doubt, where
          Exceptions and Limitations apply to Your use, this Public
          License does not apply, and You do not need to comply with
          its terms and conditions.

       3. Term. The term of this Public License is specified in Section
          6(a).

       4. Media and formats; technical modifications allowed. The
          Licensor authorizes You to exercise the Licensed Rights in
          all media and formats whether now known or hereafter created,
          and to make technical modifications necessary to do so. The
          Licensor waives and/or agrees not to assert any right or
          authority to forbid You from making technical modifications
          necessary to exercise the Licensed Rights, including
          technical modifications necessary to circumvent Effective
          Technological Measures. For purposes of this Public License,
          simply making modifications authorized by this Section 2(a)
          (4) never produces Adapted Material.

       5. Downstream recipients.

            a. Offer from the Licensor -- Licensed Material. Every
               recipient of the Licensed Material automatically
               receives an offer from the Licensor to exercise the
               Licensed Rights under the terms and conditions of this
               Public License.

            b. No downstream restrictions. You may not offer or impose
               any additional or different terms or conditions on, or
               apply any Effective Technological Measures to, the
               Licensed Material if doing so restricts exercise of the
               Licensed Rights by any recipient of the Licensed
               Material.

       6. No endorsement. Nothing in this Public License constitutes or
          may be construed as permission to assert or imply that You
          are, or that Your use of the Licensed Material is, connected
          with, or sponsored, endorsed, or granted official status by,
          the Licensor or others designated to receive attribution as
          provided in Section 3(a)(1)(A)(i).

b. Other rights.

       1. Moral rights, such as the right of integrity, are not
          licensed under this Public License, nor are publicity,
          privacy, and/or other similar personality rights; however, to
          the extent possible, the Licensor waives and/or agrees not to
          assert any such rights held by the Licensor to the limited
          extent necessary to allow You to exercise the Licensed
          Rights, but not otherwise.

       2. Patent and trademark rights are not licensed under this
          Public License.

       3. To the extent possible, the Licensor waives any right to
          collect royalties from You for the exercise of the Licensed
          Rights, whether directly or through a collecting society
          under any voluntary or waivable statutory or compulsory
          licensing scheme. In all other cases the Licensor expressly
          reserves any right to collect such royalties.

Section 3 -- License Conditions.

Your exercise of the Licensed Rights is expressly made subject to the following
conditions.

a. Attribution.

       1. If You Share the Licensed Material (including in modified
          form), You must:

            a. retain the following if it is supplied by the Licensor
               with the Licensed Material:

                 i. identification of the creator(s) of the Licensed
                    Material and any others designated to receive
                    attribution, in any reasonable manner requested by
                    the Licensor (including by pseudonym if
                    designated);

                ii. a copyright notice;

               iii. a notice that refers to this Public License;

                iv. a notice that refers to the disclaimer of
                    warranties;

                 v. a URI or hyperlink to the Licensed Material to the
                    extent reasonably practicable;

            b. indicate if You modified the Licensed Material and
               retain an indication of any previous modifications; and

            c. indicate the Licensed Material is licensed under this
               Public License, and include the text of, or the URI or
               hyperlink to, this Public License.

       2. You may satisfy the conditions in Section 3(a)(1) in any
          reasonable manner based on the medium, means, and context in
          which You Share the Licensed Material. For example, it may be
          reasonable to satisfy the conditions by providing a URI or
          hyperlink to a resource that includes the required
          information.

       3. If requested by the Licensor, You must remove any of the
          information required by Section 3(a)(1)(A) to the extent
          reasonably practicable.

       4. If You Share Adapted Material You produce, the Adapter's
          License You apply must not prevent recipients of the Adapted
          Material from complying with this Public License.

Section 4 -- Sui Generis Database Rights.

Where the Licensed Rights include Sui Generis Database Rights that apply to Your
use of the Licensed Material:

a. for the avoidance of doubt, Section 2(a)(1) grants You the right to extract,
reuse, reproduce, and Share all or a substantial portion of the contents of the
database;

b. if You include all or a substantial portion of the database contents in a
database in which You have Sui Generis Database Rights, then the database in
which You have Sui Generis Database Rights (but not its individual contents) is
Adapted Material; and

c. You must comply with the conditions in Section 3(a) if You Share all or a
substantial portion of the contents of the database.

For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 4 supplements and does not replace Your
obligations under this Public License where the Licensed Rights include other
Copyright and Similar Rights.

Section 5 -- Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability.

a. UNLESS OTHERWISE SEPARATELY UNDERTAKEN BY THE LICENSOR, TO THE EXTENT
POSSIBLE, THE LICENSOR OFFERS THE LICENSED MATERIAL AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE, AND
MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE LICENSED
MATERIAL, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHER. THIS INCLUDES, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, ACCURACY, OR THE
PRESENCE OR ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT KNOWN OR DISCOVERABLE. WHERE
DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES ARE NOT ALLOWED IN FULL OR IN PART, THIS DISCLAIMER
MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

b. TO THE EXTENT POSSIBLE, IN NO EVENT WILL THE LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY
LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE FOR ANY
DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR
OTHER LOSSES, COSTS, EXPENSES, OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS PUBLIC LICENSE OR
USE OF THE LICENSED MATERIAL, EVEN IF THE LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES, COSTS, EXPENSES, OR DAMAGES. WHERE A LIMITATION OF
LIABILITY IS NOT ALLOWED IN FULL OR IN PART, THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO
YOU.

c. The disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability provided above shall
be interpreted in a manner that, to the extent possible, most closely
approximates an absolute disclaimer and waiver of all liability.

Section 6 -- Term and Termination.

a. This Public License applies for the term of the Copyright and Similar Rights
licensed here. However, if You fail to comply with this Public License, then
Your rights under this Public License terminate automatically.

b. Where Your right to use the Licensed Material has terminated under Section
6(a), it reinstates:

       1. automatically as of the date the violation is cured, provided
          it is cured within 30 days of Your discovery of the
          violation; or

       2. upon express reinstatement by the Licensor.

     For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 6(b) does not affect any
     right the Licensor may have to seek remedies for Your violations
     of this Public License.

c. For the avoidance of doubt, the Licensor may also offer the Licensed Material
under separate terms or conditions or stop distributing the Licensed Material at
any time; however, doing so will not terminate this Public License.

d. Sections 1, 5, 6, 7, and 8 survive termination of this Public License.

Section 7 -- Other Terms and Conditions.

a. The Licensor shall not be bound by any additional or different terms or
conditions communicated by You unless expressly agreed.

b. Any arrangements, understandings, or agreements regarding the Licensed
Material not stated herein are separate from and independent of the terms and
conditions of this Public License.

Section 8 -- Interpretation.

a. For the avoidance of doubt, this Public License does not, and shall not be
interpreted to, reduce, limit, restrict, or impose conditions on any use of the
Licensed Material that could lawfully be made without permission under this
Public License.

b. To the extent possible, if any provision of this Public License is deemed
unenforceable, it shall be automatically reformed to the minimum extent
necessary to make it enforceable. If the provision cannot be reformed, it shall
be severed from this Public License without affecting the enforceability of the
remaining terms and conditions.

c. No term or condition of this Public License will be waived and no failure to
comply consented to unless expressly agreed to by the Licensor.

d. Nothing in this Public License constitutes or may be interpreted as a
limitation upon, or waiver of, any privileges and immunities that apply to the
Licensor or You, including from the legal processes of any jurisdiction or
authority.

=======================================================================

Creative Commons is not a party to its public licenses. Notwithstanding,
Creative Commons may elect to apply one of its public licenses to material it
publishes and in those instances will be considered the “Licensor.” The text of
the Creative Commons public licenses is dedicated to the public domain under the
CC0 Public Domain Dedication. Except for the limited purpose of indicating that
material is shared under a Creative Commons public license or as otherwise
permitted by the Creative Commons policies published at
creativecommons.org/policies, Creative Commons does not authorize the use of the
trademark "Creative Commons" or any other trademark or logo of Creative Commons
without its prior written consent including, without limitation, in connection
with any unauthorized modifications to any of its public licenses or any other
arrangements, understandings, or agreements concerning use of licensed material.
For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph does not form part of the public
licenses.

Creative Commons may be contacted at creativecommons.org. MICROSOFT PRE-RELEASE
SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS MICROSOFT VISUAL STUDIO CODE REMOTE DEVELOPMENT

Creative Commons may be contacted at creativecommons.org. MICROSOFT PRE-RELEASE
SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS MICROSOFT VISUAL STUDIO CODE REMOTE DEVELOPMENT

Creative Commons may be contacted at creativecommons.org.
